led by the Bertelli family the great
industrial enterprise was inaugurated
with 5 thousand meters of constructed area
sorolla that the milk and whey industry in
powder will generate about 100 jobs
direct
operating 24 hours a day
the product produced here is intended for
industrial use will supply
all over Brazil and even outside the country and
I believe it is an enterprise that
much represents for our
county to our state
only the presence of the authorities here
representative of the ministry of
agriculture thinks it is already consolidating
sure what does this mean for the
our municipality is going to be an increase
in the economy is a raw material that
was being thrown out it will be
used in addition to solving a
environmental problem will generate is a
economic movement
the whey powder obtained by means of the
whey released in the manufacture of
cheese
is firstly concentrated together
evaporation and spray drying in
drying chamber
besides the economic and generation benefit
of jobs in rochester
will have a positive impact on the environment
environment
because it will process the serum of the
milk a by-product of cheese
usually discarded that will be
processed into whey
before it was discarded now here it is
raw material a daily production of
approximately 25 tonnes
several authorities were present
on the opening ceremony of the
your pride to rondonia venture
pride for rolim de moura our
earth I had the privilege to have been
prefect for two terms
accompany the beginning of the Mariela industry
Today she will
is the milk of the mozzarella cheese da da
now butter for the milk powder for the
whey powder not only for rondônia to
all brazil who knows even out in the
our chest and it's an important moment
for us only to roaim from Moorish to
rondônia and for the whole country the aggregation
of value and generation of employment generation of
income is part of the policy
implemented by the federal government
Ministry of Agriculture which has a
harvest plan that begins with the
extraordinary content just to
production is increasingly feasible.
first a satisfaction to be here one
state as promising as
this is not just 100 jobs
that I had the opportunity to see I see
here without jobs that are in the industry
but they reflect the 2,000 producers of
milk making this gear
so I think that today the
people sees an example as an example of
government participation organization
federal government participation
state and here too the government
municipal here of rolim de moura
showing that it is adding efforts
dividing our responsibilities
What are we going to inaugurate?
with which the company is
located at r 10 10 corner with the
line 196 to about 13 kilometers from
center of rolim of moura to sorolla that
will produce up to 420,000 liters of serum per
day